[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to Beyond Belief.
It's called remote
viewing, the ability
to see things past and
present with your mind.
Major Ed Dames,
of course, is one
of the foremost remote
viewers in the world.
And he was part of our
government's military program
investigating remote
viewing many years ago.
Ed, always a
pleasure to see you.
>>ED DAMES: Oh,
the please is mine.
Thank you for inviting me.
>>NOORY: This program that
you were in a long time
ago with the military,
how did they recruit you?
How did they find you?
And were you a remote
viewer before that?
>>DAMES: Well I wasn't a
remote viewer or a psychic guy.
And I found them.
I was at work at the Office
of the Secretary of Defense,
very high level, celestial
level of the government.
My job was to select the US
targets, intelligence targets
for penetration.
Most of those targets were
erstwhile Soviet biological
warfare facilities,
chemical warfare facilities,
nuclear weapons facilities,
and directed energy weapons
facilities.
And to locate hostages
and terrorists.
But I had at my
disposal all the tools
that a top spy would have.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>DAMES: Satellites,
agents on the ground,
all kinds of stuff that
we can't talk about.
But one of my tools was this
nascent remote viewing unit
that the army had.
And I was fascinated with it.
Because some of
these cases that I
was dealing with,
by hook or by crook
we could not penetrate
these very, very thick walls
of Russian secrecy.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>DAMES: So but the
remote viewing unit
was able to do that.
And I became fascinated
with it, and stepped down
to take over as operations
and training officer.
>>NOORY: Ed, did we
as the United States
get involved in this because
the Soviets were doing it too?
I mean, who was the leader?
>>DAMES: Well, we call it
the 10 foot tall syndrome.
And you're partially right.
Word came down that
the Sovs and the Czechs
and to a certain degree the
Hungarian intelligence were
fiddling around with this,
so we had to do it too.
That was actually one of the
key reasons behind the beginning
of the program.
>>NOORY: When you
were in the government
program, what was the mission?
What did they want you to do?
>>DAMES: In the
psychic spying unit?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>DAMES: Predominantly
two things.
One was to locate hostages and
terrorists, which we did that.
Terry Waite, Terry Anderson,
and Colonel Higgins, those cases
specifically, and their captors.
But for the most
part, most of our time
was attempting to penetrate
very, very secret facilities
in Russia.
Again, predominantly
biological warfare facilities,
nuclear storage facilities.
One of our missions-- and we
worked for all the intelligence
agencies.
For instance, the CIA asked
us on behalf of the Navy
to locate some Silkworm
missiles that the Iranians had
purchased from the Chinese.
These were anti-ship missiles.
They based them on the Strait
of Hormuz in warehouses.
So we had to locate
which warehouse
and then count the
missiles inside.
>>NOORY: How accurate
was the group?
>>DAMES: The group was--
a lot of other documents have
been released now to the public
except the stuff that was
really, really accurate.
And what was classified
about the program
was the existence
of the program,
not the existence
of the protocols
that were developed at Stanford.
That was not.
That was why I was
able to take those out
from the deep dark
world of intelligence
and teach them to civilians.
The people who were involved
and our accuracy rates, those
were the things that
were classified.
Some of the targets that
I just talked about,
for instance, the CIA requested
targets and other things
that were highly classified,
those were never released.
>>NOORY: In a moment, Ed, we'll
get into some of the things
you're targeting nowadays
and who some of the clients
are for this incredible
service of remote viewing.
But generally, how does it work?
I mean how do you
non-physically find something
with remote viewing?
What are you tapping
into out there?
>>DAMES: The brain
is an oscillator.
And it's connected to
a mind, a global mind
that we're all immersed in.
>>NOORY: Aha.
Like a matrix?
>>DAMES: That's what
it's called, a matrix.
So everything exists
in the universe
as a pattern of information,
everything, even ideas.
So for instance, there are no
words out there, no colors.
If you're a remote viewer and
you've never seen the color red
before and I give to
you a training target
of a performance of the Bolshoi
Ballet and the curtain is red,
you can perceive the
pattern, but you can't--
you have nothing
in your memories--
>>NOORY: There's no reference.
>>DAMES: That's right.
You have to say well maybe
perhaps you'd seen pink
before, it's like pink.
This is one of the problems
with teaching children.
It isn't-- children
are fun to teach.
You don't have to ask them
to open their minds up,
because it hasn't closed yet
like us staid, stoic adults.
But they have problems
with a thesaurus.
So for instance, if a target is
a man who has just lost a loved
one, then a child would only
be able to say there's somebody
who's crying and feels hurt.
Where an eclectic adult
may say, the target
is an adult male who's
grieving and experiencing
bathos, pathos, and whatever.
Because our thesaurus is larger.
So we turn our
attention to a pattern,
let's say Osama bin Laden.
That's a target.
Osama bin Laden's location.
Location is another target.
These are separate targets.
Consciousness, we have
a set of protocols,
it's a three part process.
First part is setting
up the problem.
The second part is
remote viewing itself,
which I'll go into in a moment.
And the third part data
analysis, which is difficult.
And these take a
long time to learn.
>>NOORY: Well, you
had told me once too,
because I had kept pressing
you about times and dates.
And you said that's one of
the most difficult things
of remote viewing, picking the
time and the date of the event.
You may see something, but
you need a reference point
for what it's going to be.
Maybe you remote view and
see a calendar or something.
But is that still
tough and difficult?
>>DAMES: Well, it was the search
problem, what Ingo Swann called
the search problem, it took
me 20 years to crack that.
And now we have.
And I thought well,
the time problem is not
going to be solved on my watch.
But it looks like we've done
some recent experiments,
looks like we may
be wrong about that.
The basic problem is that
mind is outside of time.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>DAMES: For the linear
time that we experience
or even our linear speech, the
concatenation of subject, verb,
object, and trying
to communicate
an idea, all linear.
But time is not linear,
we've found out.
And mind is outside of time.
Think about it as
the fifth dimension--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>DAMES: --instead
of the fourth.
So that's where it gets shaky.
That's why we have to use what
we call temporal qualifiers
on our work.
It's very easy to
remote view the next
or a future or the past.
But when it comes down
to calendrical dates,
that's a problem.
Because calendrical
time as a construct.
It doesn't exist in
the global mind the way
it exists down here where
the rubber meets the road.
A psychic, and
we're not psychics,
can sometimes, in
moments of revelation,
see a newspaper
date in the future.
But we cannot do that.
It's one of our limitations.
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
Interesting, indeed.
You are very deliberate
when you train people too.
>>NARRATOR: Remote
viewing was initially
developed by physicists
like Hal Puthoff,
working close with government
research programs entirely
in secret for over 20 years.
This is a skill that
uses the unconscious mind
and requires real training.
In fact, there are only a
handful of people in the world
qualified to teach this skill
from the declassified CIA
and Army program.
In fact, at the
peak of the program,
military intelligence
officer Major Ed Dames
was the only training
and operations
officer tasked with using the RV
team for real world situations.
Today, many of the program's
missions are still classified.
But Ed Dames himself received
three medals during this time,
stating "his insightful
threat analysis
has contributed significantly
to this country's ability
to maintain its
military superiority."
and "Dames identified
and confirmed
the existence of an entirely
new Soviet offensive
weapon" all using nothing
but remote viewing.
>>NOORY: So Ed, when
you remote view,
you must see things that
are millions of years ahead
of where we are today.
>>DAMES: Only-- that's
true only if we're
looking at something that is
millions of years ahead of us
today.
And that's very rare.
Because most of our
time is spent on day
to day mundane things, murders,
locating gold or fugitives,
something like that.
>>DAMES: Yeah.
>>NOORY: But occasionally,
and during the military unit
times when I was
training officer,
we spent a lot of time,
taxpayers' dollars looking
at lots of things out there.
>>NOORY: Like UFOs?
>>DAMES: Yes, like UFOs.
>>NOORY: Why UFOs?
Why did you pick them?
>>DAMES: Because I was
interested in UFOs.
And here was a
capability, a vehicle
called the skill
of remote viewing
that could be used
for the first time.
And I wasn't the only one.
The US CIA and
other intel agencies
has no charter to
spend tax dollars--
>>NOORY: On UFOs.
>>DAMES: --on locating UFOs.
>>NOORY: No.
>>DAMES: But I had
the license, because I
was a training officer.
And I could pick any
training target I wanted to.
Your last dog, stolen
nuclear weapon, or a UFO.
>>NOORY: So what did Major
Ed Dames and his group
find out about UFOs?
>>DAMES: Oh, a ton of
things, a ton of things.
I think my favorite project
was done just after I
retired from the military.
General Stubblebine,
Albert Stubblebine
was my chief executive
officer from my company.
And he was approached as a
middleman by the Russians.
By the Russians who
had lost a spacecraft,
that Phobos 2 spacecraft
that was a probe.
>>NOORY: It was going
to Mars, wasn't it?
>>DAMES: It was going to
Mars, it was called Phobos 2.
And it was lost above Mars.
But it had a very
enigmatic last photograph
of a big light, white
thing before it vanished.
>>NOORY: Coming at it.
>>DAMES: Yes.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>DAMES: Coming at it.
>>NOORY: I remember that.
What was that?
>>DAMES: Well, the
Russians asked us for help.
I had hired at that time all
the best and the brightest
military remote viewers
and formed a company.
So Paul Smith and I were
the principals on this.
And we both came up with
the same information.
What happened was the cause of
the spacecraft shutting down,
a sand dollar looking thing,
a big machine sitting down
nestled in the sands
of Mars rose up
at an oblique angle,
changed its geometry,
started looked like the
Sydney Opera House, and gone.
At relativistic speeds in a snap
of an eye, it was just gone.
At relativistic
speed, speed of light.
And bam, pops up right next
to the Phobos 2 spacecraft.
It doesn't hit it.
It's right there,
and it touches it.
It just comes in
mechanical contact.
>>NOORY: Nudges it.
>>DAMES: Yeah, it
actually thought
it was somebody else,
its makers coming back.
And it was setting
up as an escort
to bring down another machine.
So what we're trying to--
this thing was what we
call a sentient machine.
It was like the AI system,
the robots of our future,
our near term future.
By the way, while on the
subject, one of my sayings
has been robots
will stand in awe,
because they'll never
be able to replace me.
But that's not true.
Because if a robot
watched me teach enough--
>>NOORY: It could learn.
They could learn.
>>DAMES: It could
learn how to teach
and I would be out of a
job, not as a remote viewer,
but as a teacher.
They would not ever be
able to do what they're
teaching their student to do.
But they would be
excellent teachers.
>>NOORY: Right.
When you were
remote viewing UFOs,
did you also remote
view the occupants
of some of these craft?
>>DAMES: Most of the time
there were no occupants.
And we don't use the
word "craft" or "vehicle"
or "mother ship."
Those are for
verboten in our work.
We're just trying to
describe a target.
And so we never try to name it.
If we have a photo,
that's great,
because there's no name
that we just describe.
The only time we
really found occupants
that were very, very bizarre
is in the Travis Walton
case, Fire in the Sky.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>DAMES: That was a real case.
And I hate to say it,
but my former training
officer killed one of our--
using altered states.
This is what we use before
coordinate remote viewing.
We're in a darkened room
in an altered state,
you need somebody to
train you to do this.
That operations
officer put this guy,
who was supposed to be inside
a Soviet secret facility
inside that Travis Walton thing.
>>NOORY: Craft.
>>DAMES: No.
>>NOORY: You don't
call it a craft.
>>DAMES: The object, right.
And he had a heart
attack and died.
>>NOORY: No.
>>DAMES: Yeah.
And I personally, I've
been inside that thing.
There are four entities there.
>>NOORY: While he
was remote viewing
the guy had a heart attack?
>>DAMES: Died, yeah.
Because he was so frightened,
because all of a sudden
he's trapped.
You cross this boundary.
You're bilocated.
>>NOORY: It's like he's there.
He is there.
>>DAMES: You're
bilocating in your mind.
You're in two places at once.
You're on the bed or your lying
down, but you're also there.
You know, I've had
this experience before.
And it can be frightening.
I have found myself
inside the Council
of Ministers building
in Russia and I didn't
speak Russian at that time.
Had no badge and the
guards were looking at me.
Or inside the gate
at [INAUDIBLE],, when
we're supposed to be looking at
the beam director at a particle
beam facility.
I'm inside the fence.
How do I get out?
And I'm saying wait a
minute, I'm not really here.
You were in both
places in your mind.
And so that was a real
event where there were four
very, very interesting--
and these were not
robots or machines.
These were humanoid entities.
They're very hard to describe.
>>NOORY: Have you ever been
channeled or your group ever
been channeled by government
when you were doing it
specifically for
government to go
into someone's life via
remote viewing and kill them?
>>DAMES: No.
No, because we can't do that.
Remote viewing, for all intents
and purposes, is a passive act.
You can't stop me from remote
viewing you if I wanted to.
>>NOORY: No.
>>DAMES: Because when
I remote view you
I'm remote viewing
the way you exist
as a pattern of information in
another dimension somewhere.
So no Navajo thought
ball or anything
like that can stop
me from knowing.
Nor could I stop you from
doing the same thing.
Telepathy is different.
When you get telepathic contact
with another human being,
that is an energetic contact.
And our sister science
is even more different.
Cytokinesis, telekinesis,
the Uri Geller effect,
that's our sister science.
That's very dynamic,
mind over matter.
We've investigated that as well.
>>NOORY: So with remote
viewing primarily,
Ed, it's as a witness,
right, as opposed to someone
that is literally
involved in something?
>>DAMES: Most of our work is
descriptive words rather than
visuals.
If we're seeing a target,
if it's clear and static
in our mind's eye and we can
return to it again and again,
it's always imagination, always.
And we have ways that we teach
our students to deal with that,
to deal with.
If the target is fleeting
and blurry, it was there
and it's gone, that's
usually target related data.
So they're very,
very, very little
of our work that
deals with visuals.
Most of it is descriptive terms.
>>NOORY: I remember when
millionaire Steve Fossett was
flying in one of his little
planes and he disappeared.
And nobody knew where
he was except you.
You were on Coast to Coast.
And you said, he crashed
in the Sierra Nevadas.
We even tried to get that
information to his staff
so they could go look for him.
And nobody accepted it.
Nobody, nobody ran with it.
And sure enough,
about a week later
they found Steven Fossett dead
in that craft, in his plane,
in the Sierra Nevadas.
>>DAMES: I was working
directly with the search crew.
That was the most expensive
search in US history, even
the Air Force.
>>NOORY: Was it frustrating for
you that they wouldn't listen?
>>DAMES: Well, I'm used to it.
Because we're still-- remote
viewing hasn't come of age yet.
>>NOORY: I mean, you said
it on Coast to Coast,
days before he was found.
That's where he would be.
And nobody listened.
>>DAMES: Well, we were going
to go look for him ourselves.
Because yes, I was frustrated.
But I am used to that.
Meeting the promise
of remote viewing
is right around the corner.
But we're not there yet.
So I understand why
people won't accept it.
But I was dealing with the
head of the search team.
I said, the guy is here.
And no, he couldn't
have done that.
He didn't have enough fuel,
only 65 horsepower engine
blah, blah, blah.
And I said, he's in
the Sierra Nevadas,
and we're going after him.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
You sent my producer
Tom Danheiser
a map of where he was.
That's how much you
pinpointed that.
>>DAMES: Well, it
wasn't a pinpoint,
it was a general area.
But now we've evolved
and streamlined
what we call Geofix, remote
viewing Geofix technique.
We can get down
to 60 to 100 feet.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>DAMES: That's how I find
children, missing children
and fugitives.
>>NOORY: The late Ingo
Swann in his book,
"Penetration," remote viewed
the far side of the moon.
He saw structures,
very strange things.
He was pretty accurate.
What do you think of that?
>>DAMES: I don't have to think.
We've looked at ourselves too.
My favorite-- there's a lot of
ancient structures on the moon.
>>NOORY: Do you
see the same thing?
>>DAMES: These were mining
operations by androids,
I don't know, half a
million, million years ago.
The androids are gone,
the mining has stopped.
But on the back of
the moon, there's
something that's working.
We call it a layer cake.
It's sitting in a crater exposed
on the dark side of the moon.
It's layer cake because it's
got light and dark layers.
And it's a
rectilinear structure.
>>NOORY: Is it a machine?
>>DAMES: It's doing
something, and we
can't fathom what it's doing.
It's operating.
>>NOORY: Who put it there?
>>DAMES: Don't know.
>>NOORY: It is amazing
what is going on
in the history of this universe
that we have only pinpricked.
>>DAMES: The adventure of going
out there and rubbing my hands
together and saying today I'm
with the remote view, you know,
the tomb of Genghis
Khan, because nobody
knows where it is.
And know that I can
find it if I wanted to.
So the question
becomes, if you can--
remote viewing
changes your life.
Because you know that
you can know anything
within the limits
of our capabilities.
So the question then becomes,
since life is limited,
choose wisely.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>DAMES: Because you
only have so much time.
>>NOORY: A couple of years
ago at a secret space
program, Jim Marrs had a chance
to talk at that conference.
>>JIM MARRS: And space, they
can also go out into space.
This was proven back
in the '70s when
Ingo Swann and another
fella did a remote viewing
session of Jupiter.
And they came back
and said, well
there's these mountains,
high mountains.
And there's this and that.
And they were sketching
this stuff up.
And they said, by the way,
Jupiter has a little ring
around it, you know.
I mean like Jupiter.
And I think I got confused here.
They were remote
viewing Saturn, OK.
And they said, they got a
ring around it like Jupiter.
And they said, it's got high
mountains and they got clouds
and they got all this.
And they were giving all these
details, and a magnetic field.
And of course the scientists
at the time, they didn't know.
They said, that's just
somebody speculating.
We don't know about that.
But then about 10 years later
they sent Voyager out there.
And Voyager went to Jupiter
and photographed, studied,
sent back data.
And lo and behold, everything
that Ingo Swann and this fella
had said turned out
to be 100% true.
>>NOORY: So I guess
what Jim Marrs
is telling us is, of course,
that you remote viewers
are pretty darn accurate.
>>DAMES: Well, this
was the early days.
Harold Sherman-- what
Jim was referring to
was Harold Sherman
and Ingo Swann
detected a ring
around the planet
Jupiter, which was
later verified.
>>NOORY: Way before
science talked about it.
>>DAMES: Way before, way before.
And these were the
progenitors of the program.
Those of us in the
military said hey,
we've got some big problems
over here that we can't solve.
We cannot answer the mail.
So let's, as a tactic
of desperation,
let's see what
these guys can do.
And that was the beginning of
the remote viewing training
program.
>>NOORY: We had some and still
do, some good remote viewers
out there.
We have you, Hal
Puthoff, Russell Targ.
But you know, everybody
is getting up in age.
Do we have great remote
viewers waiting in the wings?
>>DAMES: Oh yes.
My legacy, the legacy that
I want to leave behind,
number one is a cadre of
professional remote viewers.
I did that.
I trained great teams.
>>NOORY: You've trained a lot.
>>DAMES: And I've helped them
set up their own corporations
and training centers.
And I've got that.
The second one is to
show people using what
Ingo Swann knew had to be done.
You have to show people
that down here where
the rubber meets
the road, you've
got to do something practical.
Find this, find
that, or whatever.
And you've got to repeat
it over and over again.
And I'm about to go on
the road and do that.
So then I can retire.
>>NOORY: You'll
never retire, Ed.
You know that.
You'll never retire.
It keeps us young.
>>DAMES: Well, other
things can keep us young.
>>NOORY: With remote
viewing, the government
apparently ended the program
with you great remote viewers.
Why did they stop?
And are they doing
it secretly now?
>>DAMES: They're not
doing it secretly now,
but they know where
I am, and that I'm
the keeper of the keys.
So if they need me, if something
happens, then I'm around.
Than they can use
me as a cut out.
But the reason this
program stopped,
it was a white elephant.
Nobody wanted it
under their control.
They wanted to use it.
>>NOORY: Did it work?
>>DAMES: Oh, yes.
It was highly effective.
But it was so scary
to so many people.
I could tell your
story after story.
But a lot of the heads
of various agencies,
when they found out
that they had this--
they were spooky units.
I was a member of
many, many black units.
But this was a black unit that
was very spooky, because they
didn't know how it worked.
>>NOORY: They didn't understand.
>>DAMES: They didn't
understand, and still don't.
To have a program
at your disposal,
the Western scientific
method has to be met.
You've got to have a
theory and replicability.
We had replicability,
but no theory.
And this scared a lot of people,
science advisers at the DOD.
>>NOORY: It's an amazing tool.
You get hired now by
companies and governments.
What do they want to know?
>>DAMES: Oh in the past,
for instance, Bechtel.
Bechtel built the whole Mideast.
I mean, people were
living in mud huts
until they discovered oil and
Bechtel built their countries.
Wanted to build a moon base
to use a Mars launch point.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>DAMES: Yeah.
So we were looking at
certain aspects there.
General Motors, hydrogen based
[INAUDIBLE] power plants.
Laurance Rockefeller,
atmospheric ozone depletion
projected consequences
and remedial technologies.
So we're hired for
all kinds of stuff.
>>NOORY: Have you looked
into the future, Ed?
And if so, what does
this planet look like?
And how far in advance?
>>DAMES: We don't know how far.
But the key problem
that we see--
I've talked about the sun
and kill shots before.
But the key problem
in the out years
is the loss of the ozone layer.
The ozone layer, prior
to two billion years
ago, there was no life on Earth.
Then things started popping
up in the ocean, green algae.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>DAMES: The ozone
layer had the form
to keep that ionizing
radiation, that short UV away
from the surface.
Before that, there
couldn't be any life
as we know it on Earth.
So the ozone layer
is critical to help.
>>NOORY: And you see
that deteriorating?
>>DAMES: We see
it deteriorating.
We told Laurance Rockefeller,
it isn't just the poles.
This thing is thinning, like
it's metastasizing and looks
like Swiss cheese, which
scientists can't detect right.
And this is a huge, huge
problem in the out years.
>>NOORY: Can it be replaced?
>>DAMES: To be very
honest with you,
we provided Laurance
Rockefeller withi an addendum.
And it looked like it was
being replaced by others
that were here to help us.
>>NOORY: Have they stopped?
>>DAMES: No.
They come later to
help us and regenerate.
>>NOORY: Oh, based on
remote viewing you saw them.
>>DAMES: Yes.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>DAMES: So actually
reestablish the ozone layer
so life can once again
exist on this planet.
>>NOORY: So there's hope.
>>DAMES: It springs eternal.
>>NOORY: How accurate, Ed, is
remote viewing in the future?
Is it things that will
be or it could be?
>>DAMES: No, no, it's
things that will be.
We would not be able to download
the information if the event
did not already exist.
For instance, you
know, a moment,
a moment for a human being
is about three seconds.
A moment ago we were talking
about Ingo Swann and Harold
Sherman.
Where's that moment?
It's just as real as this one.
In fact, the now
doesn't even exist.
So these events that we
can foresee and describe,
they already exist in
time, or we would not,
as remote viewers, be able
to discern them and download.
them.
>>NOORY: There's
a whistleblower,
his name is Bill Tompkins.
He talked on Cosmic Disclosure,
part of the Gaia programs.
Let's talk about him.
>>BILL TOMPKINS: What you see
there is the different classes
of attack and fighter aircraft
returning to the mother
ship or the spacecraft carrier.
And with a vacuum
controlled entry sections,
actually they were
designed to fall down.
So that you're
already in support
of making inside landing.
Nobody actually flies
in these squadrons
and controlling any
of the vehicles.
It's all automatic.
So you're not going to be
hitting the walls or any
of this kind of thing.
But very quickly, you can open
these hatches on the side.
The hatch then becomes sort of
a platform to possibly land on
if it's too low.
And this answers
the question of how
do we handle the large
spaces aboard the ships that
are going to be operating
out on the missions.
>>NOORY: Were you able to
remote view something like that?
>>DAMES: I don't know
anything about this example.
>>NOORY: This program.
>>DAMES: Nothing.
>>NOORY: OK.
How do you start a project?
>>DAMES: Well, if it
were a project like this,
for instance, that I
know nothing about,
I could go into that
individual's mind
and see what he was perceiving
in order to produce that idea.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>DAMES: Or I could
take those drawings
and use that as target
reference material, conduct
what we call a topical search.
A topical search is six
remote probes, probably about
two hours each with a team.
And see if there's any
consistency in there.
If there is, we use that as
an anchor hold, and then do
a full length study.
>>NOORY: When someone
commissions you for a project,
generally are they
looking for a lost person?
What do they want, Ed.
>>DAMES: Oh, it
depends, it depends.
I just finished a project
for a police department
nearby yesterday.
Missing children, but that's
a hobby of mine as well.
For a corporation, they're
interest in a product line.
For instance, is this product
line going to be a dead end?
Should we spend any more money
on it or something like that.
>>NOORY: Is anybody else
working on it, right?
>>DAMES: And believe it or
not, many, many of the people--
I work with VPs
in big companies.
Many of the VPs are interested
in their own advancement.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>DAMES: What can
you do for me, Ed?
>>NOORY: Of course.
Even though they hired
you for the company.
>>DAMES: Rather than my company.
Right, yeah.
But this was difficult
for me to come to grips
with as a military officer,
dedicated, loyal officer
who was just dedicated to
my country and my service,
to come out and see individuals
dedicated to themselves.
And I had to learn that
civilian life was different.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
remote viewed an ET agenda?
And if you have, what
are they trying to do?
>>DAMES: Yes.
The answer is yes.
It's a long answer,
I'll try to condense it.
There's one agenda that
I will call tactical.
And that is, we
found out long ago
that there's a system
out there that's
monitoring this planet
that knows where
every single nuclear warhead
is, whether it's in storage,
on a boomer, a nuclear
submarine, in an aircraft.
Knows where every one is.
And they're capable of
shutting the navigation
systems on those weapons
down, all of them at once.
They know where every weapon is.
Well, what that
means essentially
is there will never
be a nuclear slugfest.
That system, those monitors,
because of intervention,
will never allow it.
People ask, why did you
allow Nagasaki and Hiroshima
and Fukushima Daiichi, unit six?
Because we have to learn to
be responsible for ourselves
and what the ramifications
of this kind of thing is.
But the slugfest, no.
The other long
term agenda is one
that Project Blue
Book could not solve.
All the 10 hypotheses that
they came up with didn't fit.
What that system out there
is actually promoting
are consciousness tools.
The lingua franca
in the universe
is not mathematics and physics,
although those are close.
It's consciousness.
You may look like a squid
or something like that
and be highly advanced.
And if I come armed with
a shotgun because it's--
you're afraid.
But that thing may have all the
answers to all the questions
in the universe, right.
And that's the way it is.
But using consciousness,
shared consciousness,
we can communicate that way.
And so I think
what they're trying
to do by showing us
all these various-- it
changes all the time.
Novelty acts as a stimulus.
Hollywood knows that.
One day you have flying saucers.
The next day this,
next day that.
They're trying to keep us
looking up and questioning
what are these things.
And we're not going
to know unless,
as my former intelligence
agencies knew,
we used these tools
like remote viewing
to penetrate their system.
They can't hide
from these tools.
But they don't want to hide.
They want us to believe or
understand them the right way.
>>NOORY: A lot of people
talk about their own contact
experiences with ET.
Are they remote viewing,
or has something
actually happened to them?
>>DAMES: We have to take the
individual, just like we would
a medical case, rather than
look at the global holistic cure
for Alzheimer's or leukemia.
We take the individual
in this case
and recreate their experience.
For instance, a good example
would be the famous Betty
in Barney HIll case too.
>>NOORY: Great case.
>>DAMES: If you remote
view, if you recreate that,
they didn't go
anywhere physically.
They believed that they did.
They were implanted.
But not with a physical thing.
The remote viewers see
two glowing white spheres
outside their car.
And Betty and Barney are in
a catatonic state inside.
>>NOORY: And separately,
they both say the same thing.
>>DAMES: Right.
But these glowing white spheres
were injecting this storyline
into their head so it becomes
memory, an experience.
>>NOORY: It's like
they went through.
>>DAMES: It's a
false experience.
>>NOORY: Have you
ever remote viewed
what is called the
Galactic Federation?
>>DAMES: Yes, that was my term.
I used that as an experiment
during the military unit
days, a Galactic
Federation headquarters.
In fact, that session data has
been released to the public.
You can find it online.
The CIA released it.
>>NOORY: Are we part
of that federation?
>>DAMES: Not yet.
Someday.
I hope to get my
grandchildren into the lower
levels of that, the entry
levels of the federation.
And that's my
agenda for contact.
>>NOORY: What will our role
be if we're pulled into it?
>>DAMES: Students.
>>NOORY: Your
nickname is Dr. Doom.
You have talked about the
kill shot from the sun, which
I assume is an X flare.
Sounds like an X to me.
>>DAMES: Oh, absolutely.
>>NOORY: I have been
very vocal on Coast
to Coast talking about
protecting the power grid that
could get hit by an EMP,
that's a nuke detonated
in the atmosphere.
Or an X flare from
the son, of which
they have occurred in the past.
Fortunately, we didn't have
those kind of electronics then.
Knocked out the telegraph
system in the 1800s.
Is that what you mean
by the kill shot?
That kind of a abrupt
closing to civilization?
>>DAMES: Yes.
But I'll expand upon that.
If you look at
the April, I think
it was April 23rd, yeah,
April 23rd, 2012 event.
>>NOORY: 2012.
>>DAMES: Two weeks prior
to that on Coast to Coast
I said, the sun's about
to go on a rampage.
>>NOORY: We lucked out there.
>>DAMES: That-- we really
dodged that bullet.
Because that would
have-- as scientists,
NASA said they waited two
years to say anything.
But they said, if we would
have got hit by that one,
and it was three in a row--
>>NOORY: That would
have wiped it out.
>>DAMES: Wiped half
of life on Earth.
>>NOORY: That was a huge--
so everybody should know,
it was a huge X-flare
from the sun that came
out the side of the sun
instead of directly at us.
Had it hit us right on, as you
just said, it's toast time.
>>DAMES: That's right.
And not only, not only
was it an X flare,
but it was beyond X. They
had to create a whole- NASA,
NOAA here in Boulder
had to create
a whole new logarithmic band.
>>NOORY: Oh, my.
>>DAMES: To prepare for what
they now call a mega flare.
So that's what I'm
saying is coming.
Now I want to
qualify this one way.
The massive numbers of
deaths of dead people
that we're looking at in the
future are starvation victims.
They starve to death.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>DAMES: This is not a
direct hit from radiation.
>>NOORY: It doesn't
kill you directly.
>>DAMES: Right.
>>NOORY: It kills
you peripherally.
>>DAMES: Yes, temperature.
>>NOORY: When you don't get
water and you don't get food.
And they are projecting
90% of the population
would die over the first year.
That's frightening.
>>DAMES: I don't know
what the projections are,
but I know what we're
looking at and perceiving
in the future is frightening.
>>NOORY: There
have been a number
of people who have
been very prophetic
in the history of this planet.
>>NARRATOR: In 1503,
an ordinary man
with an extraordinary destiny
is born in a small town
in southern France.
Today, more than 500 years
later, the name Nostradamus
is revered by
thousands of people
all over the world as
an unparalleled prophet.
One who predicts the future
with astonishing accuracy.
Even skeptics are
intrigued by the shear
mystery of his powers.
And now, lying quietly
in a library in Rome,
a manuscript with his name
on it has been discovered.
>>NOORY: I got to
believe Nostradamus
was a remote viewer.
>>DAMES: No, no,
he was a psychic.
>>NOORY: Tell me the difference.
>>DAMES: Well,
the psychics are--
the Oracle at Delphi
were psychics.
Nostradamus was a psychic.
Nostradamus would peer
into a bowl of water
and then project
his mind forward,
and something would pop out.
>>NOORY: Isn't that
remotely viewing, though?
>>DAMES: Well, In a way.
But what we do,
remember, the first part
is setting up the problem.
He would set up the
problem in his mind.
We're much more systematic.
But I guess you could extend the
term to remote viewing to him.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>DAMES: And as
remote viewers, we
would take some of his
quatrains and use those
as target reference material.
>>NOORY: Aha, OK.
That makes sense.
>>DAMES: What was Nostradamus
looking at when he--
and we used the French,
the original French--
when he wrote this?
What was the target?
So that was a lot
of fun to do that.
>>NOORY: There are
current prophets
that have projected
a third World War.
What do the remote
viewers see about that?
>>DAMES: As I mentioned on
Coast to Coast years ago,
World War III really is started.
It's a slow burn.
It'll start as a slow burn,
which it did years ago.
It's not going to be
a nuclear slugfest.
It's just gonna continue.
This fuse is just going to
continue to burn, and burn,
and burn, and burn until
all warring parties look up
in the sky, disperse,
and go home.
And that's the kill shot.
>>NOORY: Your website
is still learnRV.com?
>>DAMES: Correct.
>>NOORY: And of course, you
continue to train people.
Has this been a blessing or a
curse for you, remote viewing?
>>DAMES: It changed
my life permanently.
When you know, as I mentioned,
that you can know anything.
I never looked at
it that way, George,
as a blessing or a curse.
I look at life as
a blessing, yeah.
>>NOORY: As you look
into the future,
give us a little
glimpse of what we
can expect over the next
gosh, 20 to 30 years.
>>DAMES: Grim.
Economic situation, as I said
on Coast to Coast years ago,
global economic collapse.
Everybody laughed at me.
They're not laughing anymore.
>>NOORY: Nobody's laughing.
>>DAMES: We're going to
have a different currency.
The US dollar is good for
probably another two years max.
>>NOORY: That's it?
>>DAMES: That's it, it's gone.
Then it will be replaced by
something of a global currency,
probably.
But grim in terms of
people's quality of life.
Unless you really
prepare, and especially
if you're in some of the
big cities, quality of life
is going to be problematic.
>>NOORY: Ed, thanks for
being on Beyond Belief.
>>DAMES: The pleasure is mine.
It's always great to be here.
>>NOORY: You're one
of the good guys.
>>DAMES: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Got a heart of
gold deep down inside,
even though he's
called Dr. Doom.
But what he does see,
as he just mentioned,
is kind of a grim future.
Take that information
and protect
yourself and your family.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching Beyond Belief.
[THEME MUSIC]